Close to the modern society such as Korean culture and information media in addition to language and history
You can learn many things
Department of General Humanities History Department of Literature
Sentence came-
There are four departments of communication information department
There are nine courses in it
Regardless of Japanese or foreign language, the essence of society through words
And by learning the essence of human beings from history and language expertise to the mass media and the Internet
A wide range of knowledge essential for living the modern information age, to the essential information media theory
Master
I will
We have learned the Toka Toka's cattle plan's town planning
I have never liked to see the city
I thought to Fu say Na want to make an easy city to live the people who live there
I will
There is no end to research at university
It will deepen more and more if you want to deepen
It is interesting that the correct answer is not one
I thought of say where to spend the era university
I think it's also important for people with food
Since the position Kumamoto was also thought that the kana not you go raised from this
So I chose a land called Kumamoto
The large the Tteyuu mountain filled with experience that does not claw only here
I think it was good to choose Marmot University
Kumamoto University Oh
Kumamoto Castle
Because it is very close to the historical site
I feel really that the say the historic environment
I think that studying in it is a very valuable thing
After all I think that there is a threat and an extremely attractive environment in each area
Three years until Datte four years to some extent preceding warm is a favorite also do say that there is freedom of large large large yourself hear
As there is a range of choices to the extent that you can take classes as you like, let 's start with the first
Time to the dictates of their interests
various
Seen as De Maware to say whether Oh business also try Do not Do fun of Tteyuu Ikeru and little by little
Japanese Department of the city to their specialty in that than the kind of food is no Fu say is interesting
In feeling that ended up
Since this comes to the university there is a consciousness that became the thing to become a professional from this of their own
After all that it becomes my own home of doing it
I think that there is a way to play and a sense of jumping from the conscious accelerator
I felt it in your talk lovers there are many bright
after
Toka very juniors and seniors I have many people to take care of the relationship with others
The teacher is also so, but the connection with people is very two departments and it is so great to say
I feel
Instead of listening to a story from your teacher
We cherish that we put knowledge and deepen understanding in communication with student
Because there are many such classes, each time is very fresh and exciting
It's fun
Up to this point I think is that there is to learn the beautiful English has been divided this firm was almost
but
The big difference is that you can learn about youth English and the like that appear in movies
I say the kana not you
I have been studying in New Zealand for a month but I have a conversation there
I really felt that it was springing
I felt that I learned what I learned at university and I do not use it
Hmm
Active discussions in diverse research areas and small group teaching classes include student communication skills
We grow sociality center
At Kumamoto University Literature Department, of course , rich expertise and judgment, etc.
We aim to develop human resources who are respected and loved in real life